Add review guidelines (#226)
model-checking/verify-rust-std: doc/src/general-rules.md

+   "rahulku"
]
```

Committee members are expected to contribute by reviewing pull requests (all
pull requests review approvals from at least two committee members before they
can be merged).
Reviews of solutions towards challenges should consider at least the following aspects:

1. Does the pull request implement a solution that respects/meets the success
   criteria of the challenge?
2. Do the contracts and harnesses incorporate the safety conditions stated in

>    the documentation (from comments in the code and Rust book)? Note that we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the documentation (from comments in the code and the [standard library documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/index.html))? Note that we
```

   currently focus on safety verification. Pre- and post-conditions towards

>    functional correctness are acceptable as long as they do not negatively

Reviewer: IMO we should add something here about also not accepting functional correctness constraints that are overly long or complex--e.g., take a long time to verify, or are difficult enough to maintain that they're unlikely to get merged upstream.
(We can say something about how we know this is subjective, but to use your best judgment or something).

Author: I've tried to adopt your suggestion, could you please take another look?
